Hi and welcome to the electronic health records data support team website.
We are working collaboratively with the NC TraCS program to offer support to clinical researchers.
And I'm excited to tell you about this program.
Our group provides timely and targeted support to clinical researchers who are using data provided by NC TraCS.
Our group engages with the entire data life cycle.
However, we do focus on processing, management, analysis,
visualization and interpretation, specifically. In providing this support,
some of the focus that we have is on coding
help - R, Python, and some SAS.
We have limited assistance with data cleaning,
data preparation, and data preprocessing.
We also offer consultations on statistical techniques and help with data visualization.
We look forward to working with you,
please poke around our website and get in touch if you have any questions.
Thank you so much.